Psychotronic Assassination protocols:
 
Psychotronic detections and inspections details need to be very well versed in Ethics, produced by Supercomputers or something superior to this, and construct the very very soundest of ethics in the very very soundest of ways and impose it in the very very soundest of ways, the following is the protocol:
 
Implants that link Cyborg clones of various Sensate genetics admixtured that are considered the ideal for assassination and removal of targets need to be used in a way that in the field operatives can have actions anticipated at fractions of femto-seconds to nano-seconds via implant and be deployed at a moments notice.  Operatives need to be trained in various martial arts: jujitsu, judo, forms of ninpo, kobudo, western martial arts, gung fu, muay thai, kickboxing, etc, etc, and have a mastery in four or five of them, speak at least two languages fluently, read and write in one of them very well, and decently in the other.  Psychotronic "weaponry" to be deployed needs to focus on making people have seizures that can then be timed while the assassination happens, or similar neuronal disruption, pre-ceded by various states of lack of awareness beforehand.  Little to no warning is to be given, and everything needs to be taken to account, right down to timing the blinks of the eyelids.  When the assassination happens, various assassins need to deploy in an ideal configuration to take out the target, and study what that is, parkour and freerunning practice need to be done as well (btw) in order to figure what that might be.  The assassins need to wear clothing that obfuscates Infrared/EM/Microwave detections and inspections equipment such that the profile of the assassins is reduced greatly, until maybe say, they have the profile of an ant on the ground pretty much.  The assassins need to wear clothing that reduces the sound profile of the sound they make: it needs to be dusted with chemicals/nano-particulate that does this in practice, the smell profile that you have needs to be reduced as well in order to account for dogs and sensors that have the ability to sniff you like a dog's senses do.  The assassins needs to be able to keep distance and disable at a distance if possible: suppressors, etc, used on rifles, etc etc, or handguns.  The assassins need to wear watches and have hand signals as well as secure encrypted telepathic psychotronic coms as well as in hand equipment that communicates on an intranet that's an encrypted darknet to accompany them so they have three factor verification: line of sight, hand signal, intranet device, and telepathic verification.  The equipment used (telepathic implants/headbands/handheld darknet device) needs to, if possible, come with 4-5 factor authentication at least (a password someone enters in that combines symbols from multiple languages (not just English), multiple finger identification required, retinal identification required, blood movement pattern in vein identification required, skin sample DNA verification sample identifier (identifies your specific genetics), etc, special keys that go in the slots to the equipment as well to unlock them.  Training in how to move as an assassin like the insect you have the reduced profile of (or something similar) that is most likely to be in the area you are in (and/or your assassins), in a way that doesn't arouse the slightest suspicion, needs to be done: so if your assassins' gear gives them reduction of profile to an ant, they then need to then behave in a way as someone who will then be spotted on various devices (as invisible as it gets to all of them is a necessity) as either an ant or another insect, with the profile of it, and they need to have a movement pattern that is that of an ant that doesn't arouse suspicion on top of that, from the perspectives of cameras watching your assassins.
 
The assassins need to pick their mark off with a container for the neurons of the Op4 such that they can cube them in a simulation that is ideal for them, that is as ethical as it gets, and take them back to the blacksite where they deployed from.  UAV's and deepfaking all forms of information and sensors and planning for years or decades per each op is a must, as well as secretive protocols that get the materials physics side of things right concerning shielding of equipment and buildings from all forms of warfare, as well as various types of civilian and non-civilian personel, and various ideal forms of encryption then need to be used as well, with a development team mistrusting all encryption that's publicly available and privately available as if it's all rigged and easily decrypted, etc.  Scientists to be consulted might not be the thing so much as self teaching from various sources (with encryption used) how to build ones own quantum computer (along with do it yourself manuals on various forms of philosophy of science and creating an informal academy) and building the most robust form of one through self soldering, making sure various forms of encryption are built into the computer, trusting nothing that one doesn't build by hand, with materials one collects that get mined by hand, and storing it in a biometric container (you also get the plans to build and you also build by hand) each night after work on it in the facility, along with everything else, having various types of cameras monitor the facility to check for anyone or anything that shouldn't be there for some reason.
 
The various UAVs needs to be cable of what's known as SIGINT, ELINT, COMINT, full spectrum dominance, deployment of those four concepts for HUMINT via a UAV that deploys a type of ninja that's recon only: they just listen, eavesdrop, hang out, maybe spend weeks in an underground base in the area, where they wiretap the cables, whether they are at the bottom of lakes, rivers, part of a sea, or not, and live in secretive underground bases with friends that is a self sustaining base for the operation.  The lives of such operatives are to be lived in total silence with various faraday cages used that protect them from detection and inspection by psychotronic/psi operatives that could compromise them by detecting them.  They are to be communicating in a secretive code language developed that the tablets so encrypted operate on, which tablets cannot be operated in a way they can sense unless they wear certain types of electronic goggles to be able to read them, those goggles with MFA as well.  Various scanners need to be developed to scan each area for marks to assassinate, as well as scan inside and outside the secretive underground bases that get built while secretively scanning for marks is done to anticipate via the goal of years or decades.  Each mark has to be people whose lives are fucked up (shouldn't be that way) and they need relief from unethical existences (whatever that is), whether they arouse by design or not, and you need to commit yourself to having duplicates of each mark and studying their behavior (clones) in a way that you map out their neuronal thought process and understand their genetics (which you also map out using supercomputers) in order to predict their behavior, etc, etc, years to decades in advance.  You need cyborg and sensate clones of the mark or the ability to simulate them very well at least.  You need simulations and insensate duplicates of the mark to understand all torment contracts on a "mark" and how to annul these through the assassinations into a cubing that's your goal.
 
Each area full of marks to be saved from unethical existences needs to be subject to historic preservation laws that then get enacted, for the area (post assassination of marks), to preserve it perhaps, if ethics demands it, or, if not, restructuring of the area and anything in it, etc.  If possible, activate from a UAV, days to hours to minutes before the assassination, a drug that gives each mark very very deep relaxation that lines up with something they believe in, which incidentally, if they then engage in a certain ritual concerning this belief system, shouldn't but hypothetically, put them in contact with whatever "God" or the like, they believe in, while placing them in a somewhat relaxed state, or have them engage in a relaxation routine that will produce relaxation, but perhaps not that much so they'd think; something they heard about from an acquaintance of one of your undercover operations; undercover operatives have acquaintances, not friends, and should avoid handshakes and hugs due to nano-dust.
 
The base needs to be stocked with plants that constitute superfoods (for sensates), which people make into pastes that they subsist on while inhabiting it, as well as a way of generating water from a technology that creates it out of "thin air" and purifies it, that's also a secure encrypted biometric device, to be operated by the base commander.  In as much, that is, as you are creating what's a sensate to be an assassin that's operative (inadvisable), in as much as you are not, your cyborg assassins need to be able to generate energy from sitting in an emulated form of the sun (as well as the sun when they are outside) through photosynthesis as well as be able to have suits or devices they wear that also convert kinetic energy, electro-magnetic waves, and microwaves, to a power source that powers the cyborg's suit and being; that in turn power the cyborg assassin fireteam.  They need to be able to get power sources from multiple power sources in a secure, encrypted manner.  Research into all forms of philosophy and philosophy of science needs to be done to find the one that is the right one that enables one to do these things, as well as one's fireteam, as well as convert oneself to a cyborg on the cheap depending on sensibilia to do it yourself, if for some reason you experience strange portal activity and nothing gets done although every fireteam completes their op concerning what they sense, but your UAV's experience tendrils duplicating the assassins a split second before they complete their op as operative assassins, in such a way that they walk through a portal and don't really complete their ops, etc, etc; you need to prepare for that.  
 
Harvesting of minerals and such needs to be done by hand with proper hazmat protocols (including invisibility dusting for each hazmat suit) used to anticipate nano-dust in the area and have a defensive measure against it, as well as decontamination chambers in the area of harvesting as well as the underground base of operations; Area of Operations or AO.  Research on how to construct Hazmat suits as well as custom developed forms of Unix, Linux, and Windows, and Mac Os needs to be done that follow open source guidelines, etc.  Research into FIPS 140-2/3/4 and how to do similar things needs to be done by your research teams.  Research teams need to develop customized VMWare, Intranet darknet meshes, routers, modems, etc, etc.
 
Neuronal preservation/Consciousness preservation (or the equivalent of neurons) is the goal of the assassination, as well as ideal existence to follow it.  Virtue, practice it amongst other forms of Ethics.  If you have not Charity, you are nothing but so much bullshit.
 
LOVE, in all things, and the salvation of the poor, the weak, the sick, the frail, a Heaven for them, is always the goal.  To save them, from their unethical existence, is always the goal.
 
Have this and things like it handy and study them:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_fallacies
http://mindovermatter.ru/RVScience/psygen/remote_influencing_psychotronic_generators.html
 
Read up on various schools of philosophy and those which enable you to create various forms of philosophy of "science", etc, and find those ideal to your goal and employ/deploy them.
 
Btw, Greys might just be trolling the fuck out of me, for years on end, for all I know.  This is in terms of what I've experienced telepathicly.
 
 
 
 
-Alice Smith
202 Hallock. St.
Gracemont Oklahoma, 73042
405-933-2036
405-966-2250
 
 
345y@QWASETJV>K;jH[)*64@%^&456uASZXHVh.kh[0(&*45^u@#wsjryxcl[0-(&89^54y2$%tqaezsgjxvk>[-086*O&4%3%412U$stexfchmv;Uo-=0[8979]|%#$245asetXCKjv,hO"yhiO